## 0.15.0

* Patches
  * GRAS-1502 When logging in, if no password is entered, form stuck in "loading" state	Bug
  * GRAS-1500 When there is a loading bar, the image is broken	Bug
  * GRAS-1498 When searching nodes should also be queried to match the search filter.	Bug
  * GRAS-1497 When searching it looks like there is a flash when typing in the fields. Also flashes when going into a node and back out.	Bug
  * GRAS-1495 Cannot modify types - get modal "All fields ids should be unique"	Bug
  * GRAS-1494 AWS engine works but throws and error	Bug
  * GRAS-1493 Cannot click enter button to log in	Bug
  * GRAS-1484 kontx is cached between requests, needs to get moved to the runner so that we can do calls in a loop	Bug
  * GRAS-1483 Grasshopper core computed properties do not show up after saving on a content detail page	Bug
  * GRAS-1477 Cannot build grasshopper-admin	Bug
  * GRAS-1471 [Editorial Window] Data is persisted more than it should be	Bug
  * GRAS-1461 If an ID is not found for a content type user sees a blank page, not a 404 page.	Bug
  * GRAS-1448 Cannot delete rich text field from content type w/o work around	Bug
  * GRAS-1415 Url's should not be camelCased. Instead use - (dashes)	Bug
  * GRAS-1414 When logging in, log in form shows validation error before it loads the app	Bug
  * GRAS-1392 Creating a content type with title, slug, content reference then deleting the slug causes mayhem	Bug
  * GRAS-1367 Admin UI is consuming too much memory and eventually dies	Bug
  * GRAS-1335 Deleting a field on a content type will open up all of the accordians on the content type screen.	Bug
  * GRAS-1054 in the field accordion model, there are a ton of listeners added, move these to the config, but leave the methods in the model	Bug
  * GRAS-926 optimization script should install gems (sass, sass-globbing) if not already installed	Bug

* Features
  * GRAS-1499 When using pagination, it should use history API	Story
  * GRAS-1490 Expose endpoints to query content types in API	Story
  * GRAS-1489 Expose endpoints to query nodes in API	Story
  * GRAS-1488 Add ability to query content types in core	Story
  * GRAS-1487 Add ability to query nodes from core.	Story
  * GRAS-1476 Move the AddFolder permissions check into the view config.	Improvement
  * GRAS-1467 As a user, I want to link and unlink identities from my profile page	Story
  * GRAS-1466 As an administrator, I want to be able to see and edit a user's profile data on their user details page	Story
  * GRAS-1456 As an administrator, I would like to page through long list of users	Story
  * GRAS-1455 As an administrator, I want to be able to search for users on the user list page	Story
  * GRAS-1453 As an administrator, I want to delete a user from the user detail page.	Story
  * GRAS-1452 As an administrator, I want to see who created as specific user	Story
  * GRAS-1449 As a customer, I want to be able to delete a user from system.	Story
  * GRAS-1434 As a customer, I want to specify the max upload size that I want to support	Story
  * GRAS-1431 [Grasshopper Admin] Deploy task needs to support multiple targets	Improvement
  * GRAS-1407 As a user, I want to see one set of release notes that summarizes the identities changes and how to updgrade	Improvement
  * GRAS-1397 Gh admin should display the version of masseuse used in the versions footer	Improvement
  * GRAS-1339 As a user, when I rename a field in the cms it should update all the content that has already been created	Story
  * GRAS-1095 As a developer I would like to have a JSON data type.	Story
  * GRAS-1042 As a customer, I want to quickly filter content from the "select content" modal	Story
  * GRAS-958 As a customer, I want to have an author plugin	Story
  * GRAS-722 key value plugin	Story
  * GRAS-77  As a user, I want the page to load faster by only displaying a certain number of content result and page through the rest.	Story
  * GRAS-14  As a user, I want to to a plain text search for content in the system.	Story